# mikrotik_bgp_instance (Resource)
Creates a Mikrotik BGP Instance.

!> This resource will not be supported in RouterOS v7+.
Mikrotik has deprecated the underlying commands so future BGP support will need new resources created
(See [this issue](https://github.com/ddelnano/terraform-provider-mikrotik/issues/52) for status of this work).

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "mikrotik_bgp_instance" "instance" {
  name      = "bgp-instance-name"
  as        = 65533
  router_id = "172.21.16.20"
  comment   = "test comment"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `as` (Number) The 32-bit BGP autonomous system number. Must be a value within 0 to 4294967295.
- `name` (String) The name of the BGP instance.
- `router_id` (String) BGP Router ID (for this instance). If set to 0.0.0.0, BGP will use one of router's IP addresses.

### Optional

- `client_to_client_reflection` (Boolean) In case this instance is a route reflector: whether to redistribute routes learned from one routing reflection client to other clients.
- `cluster_id` (String) In case this instance is a route reflector: cluster ID of the router reflector cluster this instance belongs to.
- `comment` (String) The comment of the BGP instance to be created.
- `confederation` (Number) In case of BGP confederations: autonomous system number that identifies the [local] confederation as a whole.
- `confederation_peers` (String) List of AS numbers internal to the [local] confederation. For example: `10,20,30-50`.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether instance is disabled.
- `ignore_as_path_len` (Boolean) Whether to ignore AS_PATH attribute in BGP route selection algorithm.
- `out_filter` (String) Output routing filter chain used by all BGP peers belonging to this instance.
- `redistribute_connected` (Boolean) If enabled, this BGP instance will redistribute the information about connected routes.
- `redistribute_ospf` (Boolean) If enabled, this BGP instance will redistribute the information about routes learned by OSPF.
- `redistribute_other_bgp` (Boolean) If enabled, this BGP instance will redistribute the information about routes learned by other BGP instances.
- `redistribute_rip` (Boolean) If enabled, this BGP instance will redistribute the information about routes learned by RIP.
- `redistribute_static` (Boolean) If enabled, the router will redistribute the information about static routes added to its routing database.
- `routing_table` (String) Name of routing table this BGP instance operates on.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import with name of bgp instance
terraform import mikrotik_bgp_instance.instance bgp-instance-name
```
