# mikrotik_bgp_peer (Resource)
Creates a MikroTik BGP Peer.

!> This resource will not be supported in RouterOS v7+.
Mikrotik has deprecated the underlying commands so future BGP support will need new resources created
(See [this issue](https://github.com/ddelnano/terraform-provider-mikrotik/issues/52) for status of this work).

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "mikrotik_bpg_instance" "instance" {
  name      = "bgp-instance-name"
  as        = 65533
  router_id = "172.21.16.20"
  comment   = "test comment"
}

resource "mikrotik_bgp_peer" "peer" {
  name           = "bgp-peer-name"
  remote_as      = 65533
  remote_address = "172.21.16.20"
  instance       = mikrotik_bgp_instance.instance.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance` (String) The name of the instance this peer belongs to. See Mikrotik bgp instance resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the BGP peer.
- `remote_address` (String) The address of the remote peer
- `remote_as` (Number) The 32-bit AS number of the remote peer.

### Optional

- `address_families` (String) The list of address families about which this peer will exchange routing information. Default: `ip`.
- `allow_as_in` (Number) How many times to allow own AS number in AS-PATH, before discarding a prefix.
- `as_override` (Boolean) If set, then all instances of remote peer's AS number in BGP AS PATH attribute are replaced with local AS number before sending route update to that peer. Default: `false`.
- `cisco_vpls_nlri_len_fmt` (String) VPLS NLRI length format type.
- `comment` (String) The comment of the BGP peer to be created.
- `default_originate` (String) The comment of the BGP peer to be created. Default: `never`.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether peer is disabled. Default: `false`.
- `hold_time` (String) Specifies the BGP Hold Time value to use when negotiating with peer Default: `3m`.
- `in_filter` (String) The name of the routing filter chain that is applied to the incoming routing information.
- `keepalive_time` (String)
- `max_prefix_limit` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes to accept from a specific peer.
- `max_prefix_restart_time` (String) Minimum time interval after which peers can reestablish BGP session.
- `multihop` (Boolean) Specifies whether the remote peer is more than one hop away. Default: `false`.
- `nexthop_choice` (String) Affects the outgoing NEXT_HOP attribute selection, either: 'default', 'force-self', or 'propagate' Default: `default`.
- `out_filter` (String) The name of the routing filter chain that is applied to the outgoing routing information.
- `passive` (Boolean) Name of the routing filter chain that is applied to the outgoing routing information. Default: `false`.
- `remote_port` (Number) Remote peers port to establish tcp session.
- `remove_private_as` (Boolean) If set, then BGP AS-PATH attribute is removed before sending out route update if attribute contains only private AS numbers. Default: `false`.
- `route_reflect` (Boolean) Specifies whether this peer is route reflection client. Default: `false`.
- `tcp_md5_key` (String) Key used to authenticate the connection with TCP MD5 signature as described in RFC 2385.
- `ttl` (String) Time To Live, the hop limit for TCP connection. This is a `string` field that can be 'default' or '0'-'255'. Default: `default`.
- `update_source` (String) If address is specified, this address is used as the source address of the outgoing TCP connection.
- `use_bfd` (Boolean) Whether to use BFD protocol for fast state detection. Default: `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import with name of bgp peer
terraform import mikrotik_bgp_peer.peer bgp-peer-name
```
