docs/resources/dhcp_server.md, before:

# mikrotik_dhcp_server (Resource)
Manages a DHCP server resource within MikroTik device.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "mikrotik_pool" "bar" {
  name    = "dhcp-pool"
  ranges  = "10.10.10.100-10.10.10.200"
  comment = "Home devices"
}

resource "mikrotik_dhcp_server" "default" {
  address_pool  = mikrotik_pool.bar.name
  authoritative = "yes"
  disabled      = false
  interface     = "ether2"
  name          = "main-dhcp-server"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Reference name.

### Optional

- `add_arp` (Boolean) Whether to add dynamic ARP entry. If set to no either ARP mode should be enabled on that interface or static ARP entries should be administratively defined.
- `address_pool` (String) IP pool, from which to take IP addresses for the clients. If set to static-only, then only the clients that have a static lease (added in lease submenu) will be allowed.
- `authoritative` (String) Option changes the way how server responds to DHCP requests.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable this DHCP server instance.
- `interface` (String) Interface on which server will be running.
- `lease_script` (String) Script that will be executed after lease is assigned or de-assigned. Internal "global" variables that can be used in the script.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import mikrotik_dhcp_server.default <server-name>
```

Commit message:

Use defaultaware wrapper for docs (#205)
* use default-aware type wrappers for attributes with default values

* re-generate docs

docs/resources/dhcp_server.md, after:

# mikrotik_dhcp_server (Resource)
Manages a DHCP server resource within MikroTik device.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "mikrotik_pool" "bar" {
  name    = "dhcp-pool"
  ranges  = "10.10.10.100-10.10.10.200"
  comment = "Home devices"
}

resource "mikrotik_dhcp_server" "default" {
  address_pool  = mikrotik_pool.bar.name
  authoritative = "yes"
  disabled      = false
  interface     = "ether2"
  name          = "main-dhcp-server"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Reference name.

### Optional

- `add_arp` (Boolean) Whether to add dynamic ARP entry. If set to no either ARP mode should be enabled on that interface or static ARP entries should be administratively defined.
- `address_pool` (String) IP pool, from which to take IP addresses for the clients. If set to static-only, then only the clients that have a static lease (added in lease submenu) will be allowed. Default: `static-only`.
- `authoritative` (String) Option changes the way how server responds to DHCP requests. Default: `yes`.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable this DHCP server instance. Default: `true`.
- `interface` (String) Interface on which server will be running. Default: `*0`.
- `lease_script` (String) Script that will be executed after lease is assigned or de-assigned. Internal "global" variables that can be used in the script.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import mikrotik_dhcp_server.default <server-name>
```
