docs/resources/ipv6_address.md, before:

# mikrotik_ipv6_address (Resource)
Assigns an IPv6 address to an interface.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "mikrotik_ipv6_address" "lan" {
  address   = "2001::1/64"
  comment   = "LAN Network"
  interface = "ether1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The IPv6 address and prefix length of the interface using slash notation.
- `interface` (String) The interface on which the IPv6 address is assigned.

### Optional

- `advertise` (Boolean) Whether to enable stateless address configuration. The prefix of that address is automatically advertised to hosts using ICMPv6 protocol. The option is set by default for addresses with prefix length 64.
- `comment` (String) The comment for the IPv6 address assignment.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether to disable IPv6 address. Default: `false`.
- `eui_64` (Boolean) Whether to calculate EUI-64 address and use it as last 64 bits of the IPv6 address.
- `from_pool` (String) Name of the pool from which prefix will be taken to construct IPv6 address taking last part of the address from address property.
- `no_dad` (Boolean) If set indicates that address is anycast address and Duplicate Address Detection should not be performed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# The ID argument (*19) is a MikroTik's internal id.
# It can be obtained via CLI:
#
# [admin@MikroTik] /ipv6 address> :put [find where address="192.168.88.1/24"]
# *19
terraform import mikrotik_ipv6_address.lan *19
```

Commit message:

Refactor/ipv6 address (#185)
* add List() method to Mikrotik resource template

* migrate ipv6_address MikroTik resource to interface-based implementation

* use CRUD fucntions for IPv6 Terraform resource

docs/resources/ipv6_address.md, after:

# mikrotik_ipv6_address (Resource)
Creates a MikroTik Ipv6Address.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "mikrotik_ipv6_address" "lan" {
  address   = "2001::1/64"
  comment   = "LAN Network"
  interface = "ether1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The IPv6 address and prefix length of the interface using slash notation.
- `interface` (String) The interface on which the IPv6 address is assigned.

### Optional

- `advertise` (Boolean) Whether to enable stateless address configuration. The prefix of that address is automatically advertised to hosts using ICMPv6 protocol. The option is set by default for addresses with prefix length 64.
- `comment` (String) The comment for the IPv6 address assignment.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether to disable IPv6 address.
- `eui_64` (Boolean) Whether to calculate EUI-64 address and use it as last 64 bits of the IPv6 address.
- `from_pool` (String) Name of the pool from which prefix will be taken to construct IPv6 address taking last part of the address from address property.
- `no_dad` (Boolean) If set indicates that address is anycast address and Duplicate Address Detection should not be performed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# The ID argument (*19) is a MikroTik's internal id.
# It can be obtained via CLI:
#
# [admin@MikroTik] /ipv6 address> :put [find where address="192.168.88.1/24"]
# *19
terraform import mikrotik_ipv6_address.lan *19
```
